_events/2023-12-19-CDTF.md, before:

---
title: Congressional Data Task Force  
event_date: '2023-12-19'
---

## Congressional Data Task Force  
  
### Description  
The Congressional Data Task Force will hold a public meeting on Tuesday, December 19, 2023, from 2:00 PM to 4:00 PM ET.  
  
### Meeting  
[Registration](https://ushr.webex.com/weblink/register/r24ef176423c4752204c876243b6382f0)  

----------------------------------------

- [Agenda](https://usgpo.github.io/innovation/resources/CDTF20231219/Agenda-12-19-2023.pdf)
- [Slides](https://usgpo.github.io/innovation/resources/CDTF20231219/SlideDeck-CongressionalDataTaskForce-December-2023-meeting-released.pdf)
- Report Excerpts
  - [Data Task Force: Data Governance Recommendation](https://usgpo.github.io/innovation/resources/CDTF20231219/Excerpt-DataGovernance.pdf)

  
### Date and Time  
Tuesday, December 19, 2023  
2:00 PM – 4:00 PM ET  
  
### Location  
Hybrid  
When you register, you will be asked if you will attend in person or virtually. All attendees will receive a link to join virtually. This will allow in-person attendees to use the chat and Q&A portions of the Webex platform. If you register to attend in person, the meeting will be in held in Room B-248/B-249 of the Longworth House Office Building which is located in the basement level across from the cafeteria and Dunkin Donuts.

Commit message:

Add video link, update attendee information
Updating event page to remove registration link, add the meeting recording, and include registration/attendance information. 

Also updated reference to slides in preparation for a file replacement.

_events/2023-12-19-CDTF.md, after:

---
title: Congressional Data Task Force  
event_date: '2023-12-19'
---

## Congressional Data Task Force  
  
### Description  
The Congressional Data Task Force held a public meeting on Tuesday, December 19, 2023, from 2:00 PM to 4:00 PM ET.  
  
### Meeting  
Registration
- REGISTRATION: 263 individuals
- ATTENDANCE: ~50 in-person; 137 online

[Video](https://vimeo.com/896566322/b46fbaafb0?share=copy)

----------------------------------------

- [Agenda](https://usgpo.github.io/innovation/resources/CDTF20231219/Agenda-12-19-2023.pdf)
- [Slides](https://usgpo.github.io/innovation/resources/CDTF20231219/SlideDeck-CongressionalDataTaskForce-December-2023-meeting-released-U1.pdf)
- Report Excerpts
  - [Data Task Force: Data Governance Recommendation](https://usgpo.github.io/innovation/resources/CDTF20231219/Excerpt-DataGovernance.pdf)

  
### Date and Time  
Tuesday, December 19, 2023  
2:00 PM – 4:00 PM ET  
  
### Location  
Hybrid  
When you register, you will be asked if you will attend in person or virtually. All attendees will receive a link to join virtually. This will allow in-person attendees to use the chat and Q&A portions of the Webex platform. If you register to attend in person, the meeting will be in held in Room B-248/B-249 of the Longworth House Office Building which is located in the basement level across from the cafeteria and Dunkin Donuts.
